In the last lecture we started working on this detailed view for a single place and we're almost done
we're able to do it.
Well we haven't haven't tested it but we implemented that template and added methods to dismiss the
modal.
Now I also want to reach out to the service to remove a place for has to work out start in a service
and at the delete place method.
And here I need a way of identifying the place I want to delete.
So I expect to get the index of that place and then after that I can simply access my places called
splice and remove this element at this index and only this element.
So if this I'm simply removing a place now the thing is with this I need to index and right now I don't
have that index.
So let's adjust our code to use that and I'll start in the home page Steimle file here and ends before.
I also want to get my index of this page out of this place when looping through all the places and then
all the past in next to the on open place Meffert.
It's just called I though so pasters this index there and then you open place method I know and now
not only get the place but I also get the index of this place which is a number.
So let's all the past is indexed to the modal here in the index property maybe like this.
And now in the detail here where I extract data when opening this I will simply store this index here.
It's a number.
So let's retrieve it in the constructor.
I know that I'll get it in the NAF perms because I'm passing it.
When opening the model with that I do have an index.
And now here I can inject as places service the places service year of typeless a service of course
which you need to import from the services folder.
And with that added in your unbelieve method we can now reach out to replace a service and call delete
place and the index off this place which again we all received as a parameter when this mole was opened.
So let's save this and now I want to run it on my device again to see if this works if I can open this
detail Moel if I can close it and I can close it and delete the place.
So let's see it run on the device.
One more time.
We're still at home here.
And you can of course pre-fall those fields if you don't want to type this.
Each time you were testing this but to confirm Let's open the camera to take a new picture here good
old picture and picture and picture of Deadlands at this place.
Let's go back see it here.
Let's tab on it.
We opened the motile with the card here it looks good.
We can leave it and the place is still there.
We can open this again.
And now deleted and it's still there we have to go somewhere else and go back to see it again.
So this is not working as intended it's not updating the view.
Besides that it's working great.
So let's work on this bike or on this behavior.
Next